so in a world of electric cars in this
video we're going to be taking a look at
a $20,000 hybrid $120,000 hybrid and a
$2 million hybrid car so this video is
part an explainer part a chance to drive
some really sick cars shout out to
Triple F collection we'll get there
anyway unless you guys been living under
a rock you've seen that electric cars
have been having a bit of a Renaissance
lately surging in popularity till the
number one best sold new car on earth is
electric but
they are still very much a new
technology like they're obviously
awesome with instant torque and no
emissions and fast acceleration but they
have these huge heavy batteries and they
take forever to recharge and there's not
enough infrastructure for everyone to
own them so there's this window now
where it makes a lot of sense that maybe
for most people a hybrid is actually the
best
option interesting
[Music]
so I don't think anyone's buying the
Corolla for Speed or power I mean if I'm
being honest it's actually still pretty
Zippy so this car starts at
$24,000 and it's a hybrid purely purely
for efficiency so the basics of this
hybrid system and many others in the
same class is that the wheels can be
driven by the gas engine or the electric
motor or both so this Corolla hybrid has
a 1.8 L engine and one electric motor at
the front axle that deliver a combined
138 horsepower and it's powering the
electric motor with a pretty small 1.6
KW battery so at low speeds you've
probably been in a car like this the car
goes totally electric the gas engine
turns off but once you go over a certain
speed or use a certain amount of power
then it's going to fire up the gas
engine again and it couples it with the
electric motor then anytime you're
breaking or coasting that's when it
charges the battery back up it's as
you're slowing down it captures some of
that energy so it never actually needs
to be plugged in to charge up that small
battery and this system is good for
literally 50 m per gallon when you drive
this car you literally have a game score
an Eco score as you drive of if you can
slow down and roll onto your
accelerations better and roll to a stop
more easily you can
gamify efficiency in this car to get
your maximum miles per gallon so it
actually divides it up I have my Ecco
zone so I'm driving and if I get my
little bar in the ecozone I'm doing a
good job and then I have starts cruises
and stops I've gotten my eco score
pretty high not to brag but I've seen it
in the 70s which is pretty sick I don't
know what happens when I get to 100 but
what I do know is the better I get that
score the more miles per gallon I get
but yeah pretty much everything about
the rest of this car is designed around
that efficiency it's aerodynamic enough
that it slips through the air it's got
tires that have a low rolling resistance
it doesn't have these like sticky grippy
tires that's that's actually against
efficiency in this case so if you're
looking for a reason why someone would
buy a hybrid today it's because they're
not trying to charge a huge battery
every night in their garage or rely on
the grid or rely on finding public
Chargers it's cuz they just want better
gas mileage and they want to spend less
not zero but less on gas
today but you already know these cars
are obviously very utility focused
they're for people who just are going
places right but what if you're more
after the ultimate driving machine
something a little more versatile then
you can spend a little more money and
get something like
[Music]
this all right so this car starts at
about $100,000 a little over and this
car is a hybrid for versatility so the
idea is this is a BMW 750e there's a
bunch of vehicles in this class but yeah
you've spent enough money now at this
point that you can reap the benefits of
both Gas and Electric so this hybrid
system has a bit more Hardware to
accomplish two different goals so
there's a 3 l straight 6 engine making
around 300 horsepower and and a
mediumsized 14.4 KW larger battery
powering a roughly 200 horsepower
electric motor so you're totaling around
500 horsepower so once again it can
drive using both Gas and Electric just
like the Toyota but now there's enough
battery capacity that you can also Drive
fully electric at totally normal
everyday driving speeds up to like 30
mil on a charge without ever turning on
the gas engine and then also unlike the
Corolla this is a plug-in hybrid so you
can directly plug the car into a wall to
replenish the battery and just keep
driving around on electric as long as
you want to with zero gas use so it does
everything the Toyota does but more I do
feel like plug-in hybrids at this moment
in time are the one that make the most
sense for the most people that I see
driving them cuz if you have a short
commute let's say you have a 10m commute
every day and you just plug in at a
charger at work or in your garage every
night or during work in the daytime
you can just straight up never pay for
gas again and drive it just like an
electric car but on the off chance you
do need to drive further go for a road
trip or just do something more than your
normal 10m commute you have all the
benefits of a gas car thankfully these
hybrids also have one crucial piece of
the electric car which is regenerative
braking which means it's going to be
able to recuperate a lot of the energy
once I've gotten up to speed and start
filling up the battery as I'm driving so
there's a little little graph on the
dash you can see here which means as I
accelerate and I take energy out of the
battery it goes up but as I decelerate
it's actually blending and friction
braking with regenerative braking and if
I drive around like this long enough
especially if I go down Hills and break
a lot I will actually start adding to
the charge of this battery too but you
know how electric cars also have that
party trick of instant torque available
at any RPM and any speed well the hybrid
should benefit a little bit from that
too so because this motor motor is
powerful enough and the battery is big
enough to provide the voltage yes in the
sportiest mode this car also when you
floor it gets that initial hit from the
electricity and then follows with the
surge of the rest of the power from the
gas engine oh and one of the things I
say a lot on the autofocus Channel or
I've said before is there are certain
types of cars that are best to go
electric and because of how much
batteries weigh cars that are already
heavy are the best ones to go electric
so like this is a big four-door luxury
sedan there is no attempt at making this
a small car it's huge it's got lots of
space it's soft it's cushy this is a
great type of car to go electric which
is why the i7 is good but yeah there are
lots of other versions of this the Rav 4
hybrid the Toyota Prius Prime hybrid all
sorts of other plug-in hybrids yeah if I
would have recommend one version for
more people like this you still get all
the nice plushy suspension and all the
tech in the car and all the screens and
the way it drives it's the same thing
but more accessible you don't have to
have a plug in your
garage so all that is fun that's I get
it it's versatile this is why they call
it the ultimate driving machine but you
can always spend more you can always
spend more and when you do you end up in
the territory of
Specialists and this is definitely a
specialist just give me a second
one second just want it
okay close
that I've just got eyes for
you no other could enchant me darling
like you
do i' just got eyes for
you so this car costs
$25
million and it's a hybrid purely for
performance which I mean you could
probably tell just by looking at it but
also by the fact that I'm sitting in the
middle of the car right now I have to
get used to this this this is the
McLaren speed tail okay so my clar's
done this a few times one Center driver
seat two passenger seats and just a
whole lot of calibration for me for this
insane driving position but yeah this
thing is a hybrid it's technically a
hybrid so this hybrid system is pretty
crazy it's very focused on literally
just going as fast as physically
possible which is just about maximizing
power and minimizing weight so there's
already a twin turbo 4 L V8 engine
pushing out 750 plus horsepower but then
they've also designed a special small
but super high-powered 1.6 KW battery
that powers a single electric motor by
itself that generates an extra 300 more
horsepower so the total is now over
1,000 horsepower and that motor is
basically just being used to help spin
the wheels even faster than the engine
by itself could there is no electricon
mode there is no situation where the gas
engine shuts off there are no efficiency
goals here this is actually really
similar to the turbocharged hybrid
setups you literally see in Formula 1
today it's just about going fast so
here's a couple of those hilariously
over-engineered pieces of this car uh
first of all this is the only car I've
ever actually driven that's shipped with
cameras instead of side view mirrors for
even better aerodynamics of course
they've also got the electrochromic
glass roof tint and windshield tint
instead of moving fabric pieces but then
also the active arrow on the back of
this car is not just like regular
pivoting parts or spoilers or anything
like that but it's literally bending the
carbon fiber body workor and all of the
Paint and Coatings with it up and down
when you're under breaking to assist
with slowing down it's that's insane if
you can see what's happening here and
this is also the only car I've ever seen
with a wireless charger that's right the
McLaren speed tail Wireless charges so
the battery is at the bottom of the car
and it's small enough that if the driver
doesn't Park exactly over the right spot
in their garage it's not a huge deal cuz
again it's a small battery it shouldn't
take too long and inductive charging has
never been particularly efficient but
it'll eventually work and no I don't
think that this would fly for any fully
electric car today everything about the
outside of this car is designed it's
sculpted to just cut through the air and
that's how it does 0 to 186 mph faster
than a Bugatti sheir run and 250 mph in
a straight line now I'm going to let you
in on a little secret about these super
super fast electric cars they need a
huge battery to realistically make that
happen right let's take Tesla Model S
pla for example 1,000 horsepower crazy
high power output from the battery but
in order to do that they need to give it
this huge 100 KW battery so that when
you export all that power you don't just
drain the battery super quickly you can
keep driving like a normal person so
that's why you have these super high
horsepower electric cars but they always
come with the sacrifice of weight
they're always heavy the Lucid air it's
fighting in it weight the ev6 GT it's
fighting how heavy it is with a superar
like this it's not fully electric all
the time and so they're willing to put
in a tiny battery that exports a ton of
power and basically drains it in seconds
so I'm going to show you something with
this real quick right now I have 100% of
my battery I'm going to do just a quick
little pull and see just what a couple
of seconds of electric assisted
acceleration will do
the way down to
74% battery just from that little
acceleration 100 to 74 and now it's
already it's it's going right back up to
100 it's almost 100 again because I'm
driving and recuperating that energy and
now it's 100 this is super high-tech
stuff and it actually has a lot of
parallels to what we see in Formula 1
believe it or not those Formula 1 cars
that we're watching on TV today those
are small turbocharged hybrid
powertrains I kind of want to do that
again that's what the F1 cars are doing
out there they are recovering energy as
they break and they are spending energy
when they accelerate and I guess I guess
that's the difference between this and
the rimac NAA you remember I you
probably have seen the video I did with
the quickest electric car in the world
the rimac NAA which yes does have a big
heavy battery it weighs like 5,000 lb
like a model S the crazy thing about
that car and that's an anomaly is that
has four electric motors which you can
kind of think of as being treated like
gears but not really this will have a
higher top speed simply because it just
keeps gearing up sspeed gearbox and it
pulls all the way through up to 2 250
mph if you want a hybrid superar you can
kind of have both fast and quick in the
same car this is fast and quick I mean
it's not razor sharp fully electric
quick but it's close and it's yeah it's
the fastest it's one of the fastest cars
you can possibly build yeah so I guess
my point here with the whole video is
yes I still fully believe
electrification is the future at every
level of cars but in the mean time it's
pretty clear that hybrids make a lot of
sense and they've been right under our
noses the whole
time that's about
it I got to drive a speed tail
[Music]